hi guys welcome back to cooking with
Claudia
today I'm making grilled pizza I'm gonna
be showing you how I make the pizza
crust from scratch and all so let's get
started I'm gonna mix the wet
ingredients I'm adding some sugar into
warm water I'm also adding some olive
oil salt and some yeast I'm gonna stir
this in and set it aside
I'm using rapid rise instant yeast so I
don't need this to rise it just works
instantly next I'm going to start mixing
the dry ingredients I have some flour in
a bowl see that I'm gonna add some
Parmesan cheese and some Italian
seasoning and mix that in very well and
now I'm adding in the wet ingredients
and I'm gonna fold this in to form a
smooth sticky dough and again I used
rapid rise instant yeast so this dough
does not need to rise I'm just gonna
cover this up with a plastic wrap and
set it aside for about 10 minutes and
then I'm gonna transfer the dough onto a
lightly floured surface and work it with
my hands next I'm going to cut the dough
into two equal house
and then need each housing to a flat
surface and kind of shape it like that
next I'm gonna put the dough on a hot
grill and grill each side for about two
minutes on medium-high heat
I'm gonna grill the other half as well
and transfer them onto a baking pan and
brush the surface with some olive oil
next I'm arranging some sliced tomatoes
on the top and I'm also gonna add some
fresh basil sprinkle some Parmesan
cheese over that and also some
mozzarella cheese I'm also adding some
turkey pepperoni some more basil I'm
adding some chunks of cream cheese I'm
adding some olives and I'm gonna
sprinkle this with some mozzarella
cheese and this is gonna bake in a 400
degree oven for about 10 minutes while
the pizza is a hint I'm gonna make a
delicious sauce for it I'm heating up
some brown sugar into that I am adding
some balsamic vinegar let the sauce boil
and thicken up a little bit and set it
aside
the pizza just finished baking and it's
looking so delicious I'm gonna garnish
this with some fresh parsley drizzle the
sweet sauce over it and this delicious
pizza is ready to serve thank you guys
for watching I hope you enjoyed spending
time with me please don't forget to
subscribe to my channel by clicking the
subscribe button up here that way you
get notified whenever I make new videos
because I have more delicious recipes to
come